---
layout: post
title:  "Get A Website in Brea, California for just $199"
description: Get A Low Cost Website in The Brea, California Area For Just $199 by an Expert Website Designer - Free Domain - Free Server Space - (3 - 5) Premium Custom Pages
permalink: /brea-california/get-website-$199/
date:   2024-02-12
last_modified_at: 2024-03-11
tags: Brea
---
Are you looking for an inexpensive website solution in the Brea, California area. Hello, my name is Ruben and I've been designing and building websites for a few years & I can help.

Building website requires a lot of time and patience but when they start to work you definitely see a big return on your investment. 

## What It Cost To Make A Basic Website
Starting a basic website can cost you a little more than you'd expect. Theirs a lot of factors that determine the total price of setting one up. Below you'll find a general estimates of some of the tools you'll need in order to make one.

**Domain: $7 - $100 /Year**. Every website needs a domain. Your domain name is your websites address and how people can easily access your site. Domains are also important if you want your website to have appear more legitimate.

**Server Space: $5 - $20 /Month**. A Month Server space is the space on your computer where you'll be able to upload your website so that it can be accessible to everyone online. Server space ca

**Designer: $20 - $40 /Hour**. The price of a designer can vary depending on how you want your website to look. Their some designer out there that are willing to do some pretty amazing work on the lower end of the price range but they're very hard to find. For more premium work you're looking at the higher end of this spectrum.

**Time:Unknown** Deciding to build out a website by yourself is a smart economical decision. The only downside to this option is the time you'll have to invest in learning design and code so that you can get the exact look you want. It can take months if not years to really perfect some of these skills but in the end you'll have a whole ne set of skills. 

When you take in all of these factors you're looking at about **~$100** a year in just basic tooling to start your website. 

### The Different Options For Building A Website (Wix, WordPress)

Theirs a ton of options out there to help you build your website. You don't always have to go the traditional route of purchasing your own domain name, hosting and setting everything up yourself. Site builder tools like Wix and WordPress bring all of those factors into an easy to use interface that provides novice internet users with convenient tools to build a website for a monthly subscription.    

### The Cost of Wix & WordPress Subscriptions

While Wix is a convenient options for building a websites it can still be a bit costly if you’re not looking to invest a ton of money and time.


For a monthly subscription for Wix you're looking at about
**$16 - $59** a month.

## My Solution - Brea, California Website for Only $199
What I'm offering is a bit more premium at a fraction of the cost. For A One Time cost of **$199** you can get the exact website you want.

My website solution offers a **FREE** domain and **FREE** hosting. 

On top of that I'll also design up to 5 custom pages that are hand tailored for your business.

### The Benefits

**Lower Cost** - 
Instead of paying monthly you just pay a one time fee.

**Custom Design** - 
Rather then relying on design templates available to any other person with a subscription to you in site builders you get a custom one of a kind design.  

You've always wanted. You give you're references and I'll make them look exactly like that.

**Save Time, Focus On Your Goals** - 
We all know how important time is, with options like WordPress & Wix you'll have to sit their for a while essentially learning a new skill that will distract you from your current goals just to build your website.    

When you work with me you get all the skills and designs 

Making your website will be as easy as providing some references and waiting no more then a week. 


